feat(changelog): webhosting-added-dedicated-ip-for-web-hosting 2024-02-15 (#2747)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2024/2024-02-15-webhosting-added-dedicated-ip-for-web-hosting.mdx

---
title: Dedicated IP for Web Hosting
status: added
author:

>     fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slack.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fullname: 'Join the #webhosting channel on Slack.'
```

    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-02-15
category: managed-services
product: webhosting
---

> Web Hosting now support Dedicated IP !
> You want to isolate your reputation and be sure your IP isn't impacted by mutualized usage ?
> 
> This feature is for you ! Just enabled it when you order your hosting (or later in the console) and we will provide you a Dedicated IP and linked it to your own hosting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web Hosting with dedicated IP is now available!
Looking to safeguard your online reputation and ensure your IP remains unaffected from shared usage?

This feature is tailored for you! [Enable your dedicated IP](/managed-services/webhosting/how-to/order-dedicated-ip/) during your hosting order or later via the console, and we will provide you with a dedicated IP linked directly to your hosting plan."
```
